== README

Aucuparia is a simple weblog-like website, with support for multiple users, configurable menus, categories, comments, tags, and a variety of other fun things.

It primarily exists as a project to help the author learn Ruby on Rails, and is current under active development - not all advertised features are present, but they are in the process of being added. It should not be used in any sort of production environment.

It is released under the MIT license.

== Installation

Aucuparia is being developed on ruby 2.1.6, and rails 4.2.0. It requires Imagemagick, Rake, and Bundler. Git is always useful. Once those dependencies are met, it can be set up fairly easily:
    
    $ git clone https://github.com/Sorbus/aucuparia
    $ bundle install
    $ rake db:migrate
    $ rake db:seed # the current seed-file contains content specific to Aucuparia.net, and should be modified before being used.
    $ rails server

Once an account is created through the web interface it may be marked as a superadmin:

    $ rails console
    > u = User.first # or User.find_by_id('[admin_id]')
    > u.roles << :superadmin
    > u.save

Once at least one superadmin exists, most actions can be performed through the web interface (except for creating new superadmins).

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...

Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.
